Total segments: 1128
Duration: ~50.2min

Hi guys my name is nitesh and you welcome to my youtube1 Earlier I had decided that I want to generate videos around But when I made this complete plan When I tried to execute it, I Thing Making Videos Around RealLife AI It is a bit difficult and the reason behind it is this That generated AI evolves a lot faster You yourself notice the upcoming technology. Will you do that every day for the last two years Any new model or any new research paper or Then a new tool is heard like this It becomes very difficult to be a teacher Being able to plan one curriculum is the last three. I have spent months in depth In doing research and planning and Most important in designing curriculum Now today's video is a typical one. There is no announcement video where I I will come on camera and just tell you this That Guess What Now We Will Read Generative AI No what I want is that in this video Through my last three months with you I want to share the journey that I have I want to share with you that How did I plan it all? I share my whole thought with you I want to share the process and I The curriculum I have created for you I want to show share with you Want and not only that behind that That has been my entire thought process. I also want to share with you On the Hole If You're Planning to Learn Generative AI From Us to Me Than This This is a very important video and please Make sure you watch this video till the end Hey so now let's start this video now guy Before starting our discussion I I want to convince you a little that Why you should read Generative AI today In the date this discussion started from the very beginning Let me start first let me tell you What is Generative AI? I have a definition for you guys so one Bar I read the definition and then we We will discuss that so Generative AI is a Type of AI That Creates New Content True Edge Text Images Music and Even Code By Learning Patterns from Assisted Data Mimming Human Creativity It's a Lot Good definition and I can tell you a little more I provide background so that this definition So you can perceive a little better If you look at the history of AI, The work above has been going on for the last 60-70 years. Which Means Generations of Brilliant Individuals have come and entered this field I have given my all and the result is this There are many technologies, many Technologies come to build AI systems Like it was a very popular technique in the 80's Symbolic AI with the help of experts Systems were created that are a type of AI The system is very much based on fuzzy logic after that A lot of work has been done on evolutionary algorithms. Work was done on the field of NLP. A lot of work was done separately on computer vision. A lot of work was done separately in the field but one Techniques that create the most impact The pie in the domain of AI was machine learning. What do you do in machine learning that you A mathematical calculation or statistics You provide a lot of data and here Our goal is th
...[truncated]